MIG-1542: Document skipping SELinux relabelling (#74895)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/relabeling-selinux-workaround.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="relabeling-selinux-workaround_{context}"]

> = Applying Skip SELinux relabel workaround with spc_t automatically on workloads running on {OCP}

Author: ```suggestion
= Applying Skip SELinux relabel workaround with `spc_t` automatically on workloads running on {OCP}
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="relabeling-selinux-workaround_{context}"]
= Applying Skip SELinux relabel workaround with `spc_t` automatically on workloads running on {OCP}

> While trying to migrate a namespace with mtc-full (mtc-short) and a large volume associated with it, you could encounter the `rsync-server` becoming stuck with no information to troubleshoot the issue further.
> 
> To resolve this issue, set the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter to `true` in both the source and destination `MigClusters` using the `MigrationController` custom resource (CR).

Author: ```suggestion
When attempting to migrate a namespace with {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) and a substantial volume associated with it, it is possible to encounter the becoming stuck without any further information to troubleshoot the issue.

To resolve this issue, set the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter to `true` in both the source and destination `MigClusters` using the `MigrationController` custom resource (CR).
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// migration_toolkit_for_containers/troubleshooting-mtc.adoc
// migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-direct-migration-requirements.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="relabeling-selinux-workaround_{context}"]
= Applying the Skip SELinux relabel workaround with `spc_t` automatically on workloads running on {OCP}

> When attempting to migrate a namespace with {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) and a substantial volume associated with it, the `rsync-server` may become stuck without any further information to troubleshoot the issue.

Author: ```suggestion
When attempting to migrate a namespace with {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) and a substantial volume associated with it, the `rsync-server` may become frozen without any further information to troubleshoot the issue.
```

> When attempting to migrate a namespace with {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) and a substantial volume associated with it, it is possible you encounter the `rsync-server` becoming stuck without any further information to troubleshoot the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When attempting to migrate a namespace with {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) and a substantial volume associated with it, the `rsync-server` may become stuck without any further information to troubleshoot the issue.
```
Also, "stuck" is somewhat ambiguous. If it would be clear to this audience what this means, I think it's ok to use. Otherwise, consider changing to a more descriptive term.

To resolve this issue, set the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter to `true` in both the source and destination `MigClusters` using the `MigrationController` custom resource (CR).

> [source,yaml]

Author: ```suggestion
.Example MigrationController CR

[source,yaml]
```

> 

Reviewer: A title would be helpful here. Maybe something like this:

.Example `MigrationController` CR

----
apiVersion: migration.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationController
metadata:
  name: migration-controller
  namespace: openshift-migration
spec:

>   migration_rsync_super_privileged: true <1>

Reviewer: The callout should be commented out. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#using-asciidoc-callouts-in-the-yaml.

  azure_resource_group: ""
  cluster_name: host
  mig_namespace_limit: "10"
  mig_pod_limit: "100"
  mig_pv_limit: "100"
  migration_controller: true
  migration_log_reader: true
  migration_ui: true
  migration_velero: true
  olm_managed: true
  restic_timeout: 1h
  version: 1.8.3
----

> <1> `migration_rsync_super_privileged` indicates whether to run Rsync Pods as _super privileged_ containers, `spc_t selinux context`, or not.

Reviewer: Using a parentheses instead of commas here would help to clarify that you're talking about two different options (super privileged containers or not), rather than three.

```suggestion
<1> `migration_rsync_super_privileged` indicates whether to run Rsync Pods as _super privileged_ containers (`spc_t selinux context`), or not.
```

[id="diagnosis-steps-selinux-workaround_{context}"]

> == Diagnosis steps

Reviewer: The title says "steps" plural, but the content does not include any steps. Consider either rewording the title, or reworking the content to include steps.

Reviewer: I'm a bit unclear what the relationship is between this diagnosis section and its parent section. Should the diagnosis come before the workaround that's documented in the previous section?

> You search for and find an error of `Unable to attach or mount volumes for pod...timed out waiting for the condition` in the kubelet logs from the node where the `rsync-server` for the Direct Volume Migration (DVM) runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for an error of `Unable to attach or mount volumes for pod...timed out waiting for the condition` in the kubelet logs from the node where the `rsync-server` for the Direct Volume Migration (DVM) runs.
```

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: Since this is log output, it probably should not use yaml syntax highlighting. Also, consider adding a title to the codeblock (e.g. `.Example kubelet log` or something similar).

= Applying the Skip SELinux relabel workaround with `spc_t` automatically on workloads running on {OCP}

When attempting to migrate a namespace with {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) and a substantial volume associated with it, the `rsync-server` may become frozen without any further information to troubleshoot the issue.

To resolve this issue, set the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter to `true` in both the source and destination `MigClusters` using the `MigrationController` custom resource (CR).

.Example MigrationController CR

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: migration.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationController
metadata:
  name: migration-controller
  namespace: openshift-migration
spec:
  migration_rsync_super_privileged: true # <1>
  azure_resource_group: ""
  cluster_name: host
  mig_namespace_limit: "10"
  mig_pod_limit: "100"
  mig_pv_limit: "100"
  migration_controller: true
  migration_log_reader: true
  migration_ui: true
  migration_velero: true
  olm_managed: true
  restic_timeout: 1h
  version: 1.8.3
----

<1> `migration_rsync_super_privileged` indicates whether to run Rsync Pods as _super privileged_ containers (`spc_t selinux context`), or not.

> [id="diagnosis-steps-selinux-workaround_{context}"]

Author: ```suggestion
[id="diagnosis-selinux-workaround_{context}"]
```

> == Diagnosis steps

Author: ```suggestion
== Diagnosising the need for the Skip SELinux relabel workaround
```

Search for an error of `Unable to attach or mount volumes for pod...timed out waiting for the condition` in the kubelet logs from the node where the `rsync-server` for the Direct Volume Migration (DVM) runs.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
.Example kubelet log
```

----

[id="resolving-selinux-workaround_{context}"]
== Resolving using the Skip SELinux relabel workaround

To resolve this issue, set the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter to `true` in both the source and destination `MigClusters` using the `MigrationController` custom resource (CR).

.Example MigrationController CR

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: migration.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationController
metadata:
  name: migration-controller
  namespace: openshift-migration
spec:
  migration_rsync_super_privileged: true # <1>
  azure_resource_group: ""
  cluster_name: host
  mig_namespace_limit: "10"
  mig_pod_limit: "100"
  mig_pv_limit: "100"
  migration_controller: true
  migration_log_reader: true
  migration_ui: true
  migration_velero: true
  olm_managed: true
  restic_timeout: 1h
  version: 1.8.3
----

> <1> `migration_rsync_super_privileged` indicates whether to run Rsync Pods as _super privileged_ containers (`spc_t selinux context`), or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> The value of the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter indicates whether or not to run Rsync Pods as _super privileged_ containers (`spc_t selinux context`).
```
I think this is what you mean, assuming this is a `true` or `false` type of entry. You could actually give the values in the footnote if it's only two possibilities.

> <1> The value of the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter indicates whether or not to run Rsync Pods as _super privileged_ containers (`spc_t selinux context`).

Author: ```suggestion
<1> The value of the `migration_rsync_super_privileged` parameter indicates whether or not to run Rsync Pods as _super privileged_ containers (`spc_t selinux context`). Valid settings are `true` or `false`.
```
